It is fair to say that the 21st century has given rise to a plethora of issues for humans to deal with. 
On the contrary, it also true that the quality of human life, at-least in terms of life expectancy, has improved over the century (World Health Organization).
This has been primarily made possible due to phenomenal advances in Biomedical Science and Engineering over the past few decades, to the extent that find ourselves edging towards technologies that can help us interact with the brain and recreate the complex biological structures (organs) in our bodies.
Soonish is an investigative book that explores these emerging technologies, looking over their advantages, as well as some of the concerns they bring forth. 
Recent advances in Stem Cell research have been by far the most fascinating one.
Today, we can use genetically-chemically modified Stem Cells - that are easily extract from an adult human - to recreate any of the different types of specialized cells and conclusively tissues in the body. 
(National Institute of Health)  However, recreating a complete organ is still a challenge, that is being met with technologies such as highly specialized 3D-printing techniques (Weinersmith and Weinersmith).
The need to recreate rises from the fact that as of May 26th, 2019, the United Network for Organ Sharing has reported over a 100,000 people in need of organ transplants, many of whom will not survive to get one (Weinersmith and Weinersmith).
In addition, it will also help fight against illegal organs markets and medical tourism, both of which have ethical concerns, as they directly or indirectly effect the poor.
Other mild-concerns lie around how the availability of such technology would lead to its abuse.
For example, “Why Stop at Seven Margarita's When You Can Print a New Liver? “, which is beginning quote of the chapter on Bioprinting in the book.
However, process of undergoing a transplant isn’t a risk-free and easy process, and should be enough to let people off such stupid ideas.
